Fixes all grammar, links, formatting and example errors (#460)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/cart-and-checkout/embedded-checkout-tutorial.md

> - [Step 3: Create a Cart](#step-3-create-a-cart)

Reviewer: Remove the "Step #:" form all of these titles. All titles should also be in sentence case, per the style guide. See [Capitalization](https://intranet.bigcommerce.com/display/SST/Capitalization).

This article assumes you have familiarity with the following concepts:

* Creating and managing a server-side application
* Making and receiving API calls from within your app
* Using your application to make changes to a front end

> ### Prerequisites

Reviewer: Remove the parenthetical content in the following sentence and put it beneath the unordered list contents.

**Suggestion:** 
"For more information, see [OAuth Scopes](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/getting-started/authentication/rest-api-authentication#oauth-scopes).

	- **Sites & Routes:** `Modify`
	- **Products:** `Read Only`

> * Embedded Checkout requires the [BigCommerce JS Checkout SDK](https://github.com/bigcommerce/checkout-sdk-js) to be accessible in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [BigCommerce JS Checkout SDK](https://github.com/bigcommerce/checkout-sdk-js) must be accessible in the browser.
```

> ## Step 1: Create a Channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating a channel
```

> To allow an external website to serve the BigCommerce checkout, create a new Channel by sending a request to the `/channels` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow an external website to serve the BigCommerce checkout, create a new channel by sending a `POST` request to the `/channels` endpoint.
```

**`POST`** `https://api.bigcommerce.com/stores/{{store_hash}}/v3/channels`

> **Create Channel POST**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Create a Channel POST request**
```

}
```

> The response will contain an `id` (use this as the `channel_id` in future requests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response will contain an `id` which we will use as the `channel_id` in future requests.
```

> **Create Channel Response**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Create Channel response**
```

> ## Step 2: Create a Site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating a site
```

> Next, create a site for the channel by sending a request to the `/channels/id/site` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a site for the channel by sending a `POST` request to the `/channels/id/site` endpoint.
```

**`POST`** `https://api.bigcommerce.com/stores/{{store_hash}}/v3/channels/{{channel_id}}/site`

> **Create Site POST**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Create Site POST request**
```

```js
{
    "channel_id": 20266,
    "url": "https://www.{your-site}.com"
}
```

This returns `id` which you will use as the `site_id` in future requests. The `url` value is the base path for all other routes you define for the site.

> **Create Site Response**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Create Site response**
```

}
```

> ## Step 3: Create a Cart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating a cart
```

To proceed to checkout, we'll need an active cart. To create one, send a request to the [Server-to-Server Cart API's](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-reference/cart-checkout/server-server-cart-api)  `/cart` endpoint. 

**`POST`**  `https://api.bigcommerce.com/stores/{{store_hash}}/v3/carts`

> **Create Cart POST**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Create Cart POST request**
```

}
```

> If you are creating a cart for a specific customer, pass in the `customer_id` in the request.

Reviewer: Can a cart be created without a customer linked to it?

}
```

> Contained in the response is a `id` which we'll use as the `cart_id` in the next request: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contained in the response is an `id` which we'll use as the `cart_id` in the next request. 
```

> **Create Cart Response**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Create Cart response**
```

	
```json
{
    "data": {
        "id": "33608b81-ba34-4ff2-8bab-2771aeab3f73",
    ...
}
```

> Next, generate cart redirect URLs and set this cart as the active cart by sending a request to `/carts/{{cart_id}}/redirect_urls`.

Reviewer: this needs to be broken into multiple steps/sentences. Each sentence should be followed by their corresponding code sample.

**`POST`** `https://api.bigcommerce.com/stores/{{store_hash}}/v3/carts/{{cart_id}}/redirect_urls`
	

> **Generate Redirect URLs Response**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Generate Redirect URLs response**
```

```

> ### Redirecting A Logged-In Customer to Embedded Checkout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Redirecting a logged-in customer to Embedded Checkout
```

For some use cases, you may want your customer to be logged in before they can begin the checkout process.

This can be done using the [Customer Login API](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/customers/customer-login-api#logging-in-a-customer). 

> Your app will need to use [JSON Web Token Standard](https://jwt.io/introduction/) to create a new token. Use a [JWT library](https://jwt.io/#libraries-io) to accomplish this. Include the `checkout_url` as part of the request payload you send to BigCommerce.

Reviewer: This paragraph should be broken up into multiple steps.
We don't need to point people to the same resource twice in two sentences.  
Point people to the tutorial we have on how to achieve this: https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/customers/customer-login-api#create-jwt-using-the-debugger-tool

**`POST`** `https://{store-url}}/login/token/{token}`

> **Customer Login Request**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Customer Login request**
```

```json
{

> "iss": {your app’s OAuth client ID},

Reviewer: This section of examples should use the same wording as in our JWT tutorial.

"iat": {timestamp when the token was issued},
"jti": {randomly generated string},
"operation": "customer_login",
"store_hash": {store hash},
"customer_id": {customer id},
"redirect_to": "https://store-id30h7ohwf.mybigcommerce.com/cart.php?action=loadInCheckout&id=bc218c65-7a32-4ab7-8082-68730c074d02&token=aa958e2b7922035bf3339215d95d145ebd9193deb36ae847caa780aa2e003e4b",
"request_ip": "111.222.333.444"
}

> ```

Reviewer: The following sentence should be in an alert/callout.

> ## Step 4: Embed Checkout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Embedding the checkout
```

> Use the `embedded_checkout_url` that is returned from generating redirect URLs and assemble a JSON object. It will be used by the Checkout JS SDK to determine how to render the checkout. Pass the object to the `embedCheckout` method of the Checkout SDK. This will render the checkout to an HTML element with the `id` you chose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assemble a JSON object using the `embedded_checkout_url` returned from generating redirect URLs. It will be used by the Checkout JS SDK to determine how to render the checkout. 

<Corresponding code sample should go here.>

Pass the object to the `embedCheckout` method of the Checkout SDK. This will render the checkout to an HTML element with the `id` you chose.

<Code sample here.>
```

> Read more about the [JSON object](https://github.com/bigcommerce/checkout-sdk-js/blob/master/docs/README.md#embedcheckout) and its possible corresponding [rendering options](https://github.com/bigcommerce/checkout-sdk-js/blob/master/docs/interfaces/embeddedcheckoutoptions.md).

Reviewer: What's the purpose of these links? What information do we want readers to gain from this? Is this something we should mention prior to the code sample?

**embedCheckout method**

> 

Reviewer: This needs a sentence to explain what we want the reader to get from the following information.

```js
embedCheckout({
"containerId": "foo-bar-checkout",
"url": "https://store-id30h7ohwf.mybigcommerce.com/cart.php?embedded=1&action=loadInCheckout&id=bc218c65-7a32-4ab7-8082-68730c074d02&token=aa958e2b7922035bf3339215d95d145ebd9193deb36ae847caa780aa2e003e4b"
    });
```

## FAQ

### How can I work with Embedded Checkout locally?

> If your channel site doesn't match the URL from which you're making a request to a BigCommerce, you will get a security error in the browser and the checkout will not load. Additionally, if requests to your BigCommerce store aren't served over HTTPS, you will also see an error.

Reviewer: "...to a BigCommerce..." what? There seems to be a word missing here.

> One option for working locally is to install an SSL on your local machine, and then send `https://localhost.com` as the Channel site. Use the default port 443 to be able to preview your site locally.

Reviewer: This sentence should come first since this is the portion of the answer that addresses the question as asked.

> One option for working locally is to install an SSL on your local machine, and then send `https://localhost.com` as the Channel site. Use the default port 443 to be able to preview your site locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One option for working locally is to install an SSL on your local machine, and then send `https://localhost.com` as the channel site. Use the default port `443` to be able to preview your site locally.
```

### Are hosted payment gateways supported with Embedded Checkout?

> At this time you cannot embed checkout using a hosted payment gateway. See [Available Payment Gateways](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Available-Payment-Gateways#all-available) to determine which type of gateway you're using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Embedded Checkout does not currently support hosted payment gateways. 

To determine which type of gateway you're using, see [Available Payment Gateways](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Available-Payment-Gateways#all-available).
```
